:nard:excited:hey:That was fun, helped relieve a bit of that stress.
:bf:excited:gearsva2:It sure was, the Nard!
:nard:considering:hey:Hey, what do you say about another ro-
:nathan:scared:hey:NARD, WATCH OUT!
:none:none:hey:Nard steps out of the way, barely dodging a bullet flying towards the 4 of them.
:nard:surprised:hey:Woah, that was close!
:seven:condescending:hey:Well, well, well, look who found their way into my favorite hiding spot....
:seven:condescending:hey:When he said it'd be easy to find you guys, I had no idea HOW easy he meant.
:nathan:confused:hey:Neo, what are you doing here? I thought you left us ages ago.
:seven:threatening:hey:Oh I did, but I'm back. Didn't receive my final paycheck so when I was offered blood money outa y'all....
:seven:excited:hey:I couldn't resist the temptation!
:seven:explaining:hey:I go by Seven now by the way, Mr. Seven, that is...
:nathan:amused:hey:Heh, thats funny, thought you'd never accept your surname.
:nard:amused:hey:Mr. Seven? What is that, your age? Because you sure are acting like a child.
:seven:shaded:hey:.....
:seven:shaded:hey:Nathan, you're lucky you mean something to Charlie you know.
:seven:threatening:hey:Since you're not the only one armed here, and I'm kinda being PAID to kill you and all...
:seven:threatening:hey:Speaking of which, since I have to spare you, I just don't feel like ones enough...
:seven:shaded:hey:I might just have to kill the midget as well, mr. D never said what state I have to leave HIM in.
:seven:threatening:hey:Only you Galaxii Brainlets and the girl....
:bf:explaining:hey:Hold on now there has to be some other way around this...
:bf:confused:hey:A rap battle maybe?
:gf:scared:hey:Are you sure you still have it left in ya? You've rapped a lot in the last 12 hours..
:bf:explaining:hey:GF I ain't becoming blood money, we winning this game or I'm dyin tryin'!
:seven:excited:hey:I like that enthusiasm! Lets do this!
:none:none:hey:Nathan crouches down and whispers something into The Boyfriend's ear.
:nathan:whispering:hey:I'm going to try and shoot him, you keep him distracted with the rap battle.
:nathan:whispering:hey:And be careful, my aim isn't that good.
